# Oauth Server

This service is the authorized authentication center of the Choerodon Microservices Framework and is mainly responsible for user privilege and authorization.

## Feature

Add addition authorized login function (WeChat login, etc.)
## Requirements

The `oauth-server` depends on the [iam-service](http://u.720life.cn/g/54145d0471d91890860f7f8463c03046b1e62f63bbc742b460fc9f6cb322576a766fa168995d125045258c0b732303e1)  database, so make sure that the `iam-service` database is initialized before using it.

## Installation and Getting Started

* database：
The `iam-service` database of the used Choerodon Microservices Framework.

* Then run the project in the root directory of the project：
```sh
mvn spring-boot:run
```

## Usage

1. User login authorization :
    * The user completes the authorization in oauth through the username and password.
    * Oauth will produce an `access_token` based on the user and the authenticated client, and save it to `tokenStore`.
1. Access Resource Service Certification for user :
    * The user requests carrying the `access_token`. After the oauth finishes checking, the request is forwarded by the gateway to the corresponding resource service.
    * Return a 401 error for user request illegally and jumps to the login page to reauthorize.


## Dependencies

- MySQL - iam-service database
- redis - sessions & cache

## Links

* [Change Log](./CHANGELOG.zh-CN.md)

    
## How to Contribute
Pull requests are welcome! [Follow](http://u.720life.cn/g/54145d0471d91890860f7f8463c0304610fdd76ad5579285ec92738d61cb860b042cb10883cbc37af7d5db0999aae72d3b03e6da17a7b64cd39bbaf779bca900d897b56fd18864f73d295f64558b632a)  to know for more information on how to contribute.




 # 良心友情链接

[腾讯QQ群快速检索](http://u.720life.cn/s/8cf73f7c)

[软件免费开发论坛](http://u.720life.cn/s/bbb01dc0)